release documentation [11814] (#82)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-statistics-backend: docs/rst/statistics_backend/init_monitor.rst

   :end-before: //!
   :dedent: 8

.. warning::

>     Initializing a monitor from a discovery server is currently not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Initializing a monitor for a discovery server configuration is currently not supported.
```
